[Docs] Dynamic filters (#891)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user-guides/filters.md

This guide shows you how to add filters to your dashboard. One main way to interact with the charts/components on your page is by filtering the underlying data. A filter selects a subset of rows of a component's underlying DataFrame which alters the appearance of that component on the page.

The [`Page`][vizro.models.Page] model accepts the `controls` argument, where you can enter a [`Filter`][vizro.models.Filter] model.
This model enables the automatic creation of [selectors](selectors.md) (such as `Dropdown`, `RadioItems`, `Slider`, ...) that operate on the charts/components on the screen.

> By default, filters that control [dynamic data](data.md#dynamic-data) are [updated while the dashboard is running](data.md#filters) when the underlying data changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, filters that control [dynamic data](data.md#dynamic-data) are [dynamically updated](data.md#filters) when the underlying data changes and the dashboard is running.
```

For further customizations, you can always refer to the [`Filter`][vizro.models.Filter] reference. Some popular choices are:

- select which component the filter will apply to by using `targets`

> - select what the target column type is, hence choosing the default selector by using `column_type`

Author: This was never a public field and shouldn't have been here.
